Sun Shangming is coming tonight
Sun Shangming Jiu Yang
Oh, I forgot to tell you.
Tonight he is now my fiancee
Please don't hit my dad in the future
What nonsense are you talking about?
It's just that my grandfather was bewitched by you
When did I say I don't have a mother at home?
What about me?
Listen especially to your elders
Since the elders said that you are my witch master
Then you are me
Don't break your body for this kind of person tonight
Do not eat
I'm having dinner with him now.
Please go out
That won't work.
Your so-called friend
Ready to plot against you
I can't think about it.
Okay, you're not going, are you?
Then I'll go
get out of the way
Otherwise what are you going to do